so what you're looking at there is the
new IQ both side and you're seeing that
when it is held and used correctly by
centering that black dot inside the
green dot you have what we call retinal
lock and the purpose of the site I'll
let Terry talk to you about that well I
you know this is one of those things
where it's the old dog new trick kind of
thing and you know as a hunter that's
been doing using us a set of sites for
3540 years when you get something like
this you're a little reluctant maybe to
put it into a put it into good use well
after you start shooting it and we'll go
through some of the specifics here about
trying to get this thing lined up and
get it sighted in because it's really
not that difficult but I found myself
after shooting very very repetitiously
over and over and over that all of a
sudden instead of looking at it and have
to focus on it now all of a sudden I see
it out of my peripheral so instantly you
know you're shooting correctly you know
that you're not talking you know that
you've got the correct anchor point and
that's really what it's all about it's
about not talking your bow and having
the correct anchor point and that's what
this truly does for you so yeah you can
teach an old dog new tricks now we'll
talk a little bit about how you get it
sided in so you install the sight on
your bow and the best thing to do is
come to full draw eight ten twelve times
get that accurate anchor get the anchor
correct and where it's comfortable to
you consistent consistent then look
through and if you can't see the green
you're gonna be able to look around and
decide whether it needs to go right left
up or down let down make your
adjustments here clockwise is up on the
side of the site you can go in there
clockwise is to the right obviously you
go the opposite that for left or for
down and through time you will
eventually get the green in the black to
line up when you're at full draw once
you get it there continue to draw make
sure it's consistent and make sure that
black dot is centered in the green each
and every time you come to full draw
then what you've done is given yourself
a 100% firm anchor point a reference
point you'll also know that if you're
torquing the bow because if you're
pull draw and you have a grip and you
torque it just a little bit there's no
way that that green and black can line
up so is this gonna be used on a
ten-yard shot on a doe in a green field
probably not because you're going to be
consistent enough to make that shot
however what I've noticed when I'm
practicing I'll come to full draw and if
I'm at 40 50 60 yards on the range the
first thing I do out of my peripheral is
glance and if that black and greens
there I know that my form is perfect and
I know that I'm ready to try that shot
it really is a better mousetrap and what
happens is after you shoot repetitively
over and over and over again it's about
it's about muscle memory and everybody
knows that as an archer the more you
shoot obviously then in the in the
heated situation in the heat of the
moment your muscle memory kind of takes
over what's the same exact principle
with the IQ site all of a sudden you see
that green and black out of your
peripheral you know that you're not
talking your bow and you also know that
you got a consistent anchor point and
that's the key to setting that thing up
originally is making sure that you're
consistent each and every time you
anchor and each and every time you you
got your bow at full draw so it's really
really a unique idea it's a unique
concept and it's just one other element
that keeps you from making a mistake and
the site is very well constructed the
windage and elevation is very easy to
adjust much like a lot of the different
sites on the market but the real key is
having that Rhett lock it is a better
mousetrap and if you get it and shoot it
I think you're going to see why we're
saying that wonderful product for my cue
besides